---
title: 'Easy React App - 1 '
start-date: '2025-12-24 18:04:37 GMT'
last-updated: '2025-12-24 18:04:49 GMT'
category-slug: "work-notes"
status: 'public'
---

We should make a sort of running lists of React Frameworks supported. 



I know CRACO will be supported, we have to get Vite to work too.


## Start: 2025-12-22 12:07:56 GMT

This shouldn't be in the public dir as it's generated 
public/test-status-viewer.html.

Really, it should be in like testing-results dir. 

## Start: 2025-12-24 16:56:40 GMT


Aside: It would be dope if you could write code against Chess Positions, I feel like that would be a good warm-up.


... 

I should put the RAM I bought into my laptop in but I'm starting to think buying 100 dollars worth of DDR4 RAM was an inaccuracy because it may have been better to save up Money and buy a much  faster computer with 18gb of DDR5 ram. 



Okay, with the ERA App, we need Monte's Testing Suite. 

It could be like a package, you download it and you get the testing Suite. 

And really what I should do is make my Chess game and host on the ERA. 

But REALLY, I could rewrite that Resume maker as a SPA and put it on the ERA.

## Start: 2025-12-25 14:14:13 GMT

So, I need to use the ERA app more myself, so I'm going to make a React Chess app I'm going to host on ERA which will then be on MonteLogic.com 




....

## Start: 
2026-01-01 16:23:43 GMT


This convo is where I think I'm headed:
https://gemini.google.com/share/b47828937617



So currently the React app, is just like a static thing right and it doesn't* have db access unless you do like a third-party service to host the endpoint and data. 

BUT REALLY 

What we could is just make the ERA have like a checklist of like available like endpoints which can be hosted in the local WordPress db. 

So the php file needed to arrange security access would just be in the plugins folder of EasyReactApp, you open the 'permissions' window by click a btn and you can allow certain permissions which can then be hooked into via the static React app which would then be a shortcode added to the post editor. 


